again the word of the Lord of Hosts came
I am zealous for Zion with great zeal
with great fervor
I am zealous for her I will return to
Zion and dwell in the midst of Jerusalem
Jerusalem shall be called the city of
truth the mountain of the Lord of Hosts
the holy mountain old men and old women
shall again sit in the streets of
Jerusalem each one with his staff in his
hand because of great age the streets of
the city shall be full of boys and girls
playing in its streets if it is
marvelous in the eyes of the remnant of
this people in these days will it also
be marvelous
in my eyes
I will save my people from the land of
the east and from the land of the West I
will bring them back and they shall
dwell in the midst of Jerusalem they
shall be my people and I will be their
God in truth and righteousness let your
hands be strong you have been hearing in
these days these words by the mouth of
the prophets who spoke in the day the
foundation was laid for the house of the
Lord of Hosts that the temple might be
built for before these days there were
no wages for man nor any hire for beasts
there was no peace from the enemy for
whoever went out or came in for I set
all men everyone against his neighbor
but now I will not treat the remnant of
this people as in the former days for
the seed shall be prosperous the vine
shall give its fruit the ground shall
give her increase and the heavens shall
give their due I will cause the remnant
of this people to possess all these and
it shall come to pass the just as you
were a curse among the nations Oh house
of Judah and house of Israel so I will
save you and you shall be a blessing do
not feel that your hands be strong for
thus says the Lord of hosts
just as I determined to punish you when
your fathers provoked me to wrath and I
would not relent
so again in these days I am determined
to do good to Jerusalem and to the house
of Judah
do not fear these are the things you
shall do speak each man the truth to his
name give judgment in your gates for
truth justice and peace let none of you
think evil in your heart against your
neighbor and do not love a false oath
for all these things are things that I
need then the word of the Lord of Hosts
came to me saying thus says the Lord of
hosts the fast of the fourth month the
fast of the fifth the fast of the
seventh and the fast of the tenth shall
be joy and gladness and cheerful feasts
for the house of Judah therefore love
truth and peace thus says the Lord of
hosts people's shall yet come
inhabitants of many cities the
inhabitants of one city shall go to
another saying let us continue to go and
pray before the Lord and seek the Lord
of Hosts I myself will go also yes many
peoples and strong nations shall come to
seek the Lord of hosts in Jerusalem and
to pray before the Lord thus says the
Lord of hosts in those days ten men from
every language of the nations shall
grasp the sleeve of a Jewish man saying
let us go with you for we have heard
that God
you